# Weekly Meeting Notes â€“ 04/18/2025

## Overview:
When: April 22, 2025

Duration: 20 Minutes

Where: Discord

## Attendance:
Present: Jacob Williams, Richard Culbreath, Lokesh Maddana

## Recent progress:
- Richard is trying to integrate an webscraper to our project that he found from the professor.(Has been having issues linking front and backend)

- Jacob: I modified the frontend and backend so that when the user types in something it comes up with suggestions based on what is
typed in.

-Loki- 80% done with the webscraper, just need to fix some of the recipes not having either their ingredients/directions or both, just need to tweak the webscraper code or find more urls to search from. Made good progess on the reviews to incorporate the priority que data structure. Had to do alot of work to bridge the backend and frontend.



## Meeting Notes:
- Group worked to ensure that our project has the requirements for fgp6.

- Richard is having trouble to link the frontend and backend with the webscraper

- Now thinking of ways to add in the reviews to the project with the time we have left.

## Action Items
- Find a way to get more recipies or to make the webscraper work.

- Work on the priority queue for reviews.







